building from source with branch r1.7 gives tf1.5.1 after building wheel

Please go to Stack Overflow for help and support:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tensorflow
If you open a GitHub issue, here is our policy:

It must be a bug, a feature request, or a significant problem with documentation (for small docs fixes please send a PR instead).
The form below must be filled out.
It shouldn't be a TensorBoard issue. Those go here.

Here's why we have that policy: TensorFlow developers respond to issues. We want to focus on work that benefits the whole community, e.g., fixing bugs and adding features. Support only helps individuals. GitHub also notifies thousands of people when issues are filed. We want them to see you communicating an interesting problem, rather than being redirected to Stack Overflow.

System information

Have I written custom code (as opposed to using a stock example script provided in TensorFlow):no
OS Platform and Distribution (e.g., Linux Ubuntu 16.04):ubuntu 16.04.9
TensorFlow installed from (source or binary):source
TensorFlow version (use command below):1.5.1 after successful building, but i want 1.7
Python version: 3.6
Bazel version (if compiling from source): build label 0.11.1
GCC/Compiler version (if compiling from source):5.4.0 when i type gcc --version, 7.2.0 shown in python terminal
CUDA/cuDNN version:cuda 9, cudnn 7
GPU model and memory: gtx1080 ti 11 gb
Exact command to reproduce: following this https://gist.github.com/kmhofmann/e368a2ebba05f807fa1a90b3bf9a1e03

You can collect some of this information using our environment capture script:
https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tools/tf_env_collect.sh
You can obtain the TensorFlow version with
python -c "import tensorflow as tf; print(tf.GIT_VERSION, tf.VERSION)"
Describe the problem
I've make sure i'd pull everything from tensorflow. i remove all other branch and check out r1.7, building was successful. No errors and stuff. The wheel i got says tensorflow-1.5.1-cp36 ... etc. , i go on to install it, tf.version = 1.5.1 . I am confused how to build tf 1.7 from source.
Source code / logs
Include any logs or source code that would be helpful to diagnose the problem. If including tracebacks, please include the full traceback. Large logs and files should be attached. Try to provide a reproducible test case that is the bare minimum necessary to generate the problem.