Tensorflow build incorrectly complained about Bazel version

When I built Tensorflow, it complained my bazel was 0.4.5, asked me to upgrade to bazel 0.5.4 or above.
So I upgraded to the newest bazel 0.10.1. Then when I built Tensorflow again, it still complained:
Current Bazel version is 0.10.1, expected at least 0.5.4
So Tensorflow thinks 0.1 is less than 0.5, it did not treat that as version 10 v.s. 5.
Please fix.
Thank you!
Jan
Please go to Stack Overflow for help and support:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tensorflow
If you open a GitHub issue, here is our policy:

It must be a bug, a feature request, or a significant problem with documentation (for small docs fixes please send a PR instead).
The form below must be filled out.
It shouldn't be a TensorBoard issue. Those go here.

Here's why we have that policy: TensorFlow developers respond to issues. We want to focus on work that benefits the whole community, e.g., fixing bugs and adding features. Support only helps individuals. GitHub also notifies thousands of people when issues are filed. We want them to see you communicating an interesting problem, rather than being redirected to Stack Overflow.

System information

Have I written custom code (as opposed to using a stock example script provided in TensorFlow):
OS Platform and Distribution (e.g., Linux Ubuntu 16.04):
TensorFlow installed from (source or binary):
TensorFlow version (use command below):
Python version:
Bazel version (if compiling from source):
GCC/Compiler version (if compiling from source):
CUDA/cuDNN version:
GPU model and memory:
Exact command to reproduce:

You can collect some of this information using our environment capture script:
https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tools/tf_env_collect.sh
You can obtain the TensorFlow version with
python -c "import tensorflow as tf; print(tf.GIT_VERSION, tf.VERSION)"
Describe the problem
Describe the problem clearly here. Be sure to convey here why it's a bug in TensorFlow or a feature request.
Source code / logs
Include any logs or source code that would be helpful to diagnose the problem. If including tracebacks, please include the full traceback. Large logs and files should be attached. Try to provide a reproducible test case that is the bare minimum necessary to generate the problem.