Upgrading from tf 0.11 to tf 1.1 results in much slower GPU inference for same architecture.

Please go to Stack Overflow for help and support:
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tensorflow
If you open a GitHub issue, here is our policy:

It must be a bug or a feature request.
The form below must be filled out.

Here's why we have that policy: TensorFlow developers respond to issues. We want to focus on work that benefits the whole community, e.g., fixing bugs and adding features. Support only helps individuals. GitHub also notifies thousands of people when issues are filed. We want them to see you communicating an interesting problem, rather than being redirected to Stack Overflow.

System information

Have I written custom code (as opposed to using a stock example script provided in TensorFlow):
Yes.
OS Platform and Distribution (e.g., Linux Ubuntu 16.04):
Linux Ubuntu 14.04
TensorFlow installed from (source or binary):
binary
TensorFlow version (use command below):
0.11 and 1.1
Bazel version (if compiling from source):
CUDA/cuDNN version:
8.0, 5.1.5
GPU model and memory:
Titan X Pascal
Exact command to reproduce:

You can collect some of this information using our environment capture script:
https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tools/tf_env_collect.sh
You can obtain the TensorFlow version with
python -c "import tensorflow as tf; print(tf.GIT_VERSION, tf.VERSION)"
Describe the problem
Describe the problem clearly here. Be sure to convey here why it's a bug in TensorFlow or a feature request.
Last December, I created a finetuned a segmentation using the inception v1 using tensorflow 0.11.  I used the freeze_model.py script to freeze the model (Freeze A).  I have recently upgraded to tensorflow 1.1 and retrained a model using the (mostly) the same architecture.  I used the model_freeze.py to freeze the updated network (Freeze B).  I also created an optimized version of this model using the optimize for inference script (Freeze C)
I have run these frozen networks in the tensorflow 1.1 environment.  The Freeze A runs in 20ms, where as the Freeze B runs in 80ms and Freeze C runs in 60ms.
I have used the Timeline trace command to profile a single inference pass of a single image through the network. I have attached the profiling result files.  They have an extension of txt, because github doesnt accept json, but they should be loadable into chrome://tracing
Freeze A.txt
Freeze B.txt
Freeze C.txt
Source code / logs
Include any logs or source code that would be helpful to diagnose the problem. If including tracebacks, please include the full traceback. Large logs and files should be attached. Try to provide a reproducible test case that is the bare minimum necessary to generate the problem.