Visualizing CNNs with TensorBoard

I am a huge fan of Tensorboard visualization however in my opinion it may lack good documentation when the user wants to implement non trivial visualization for example visualizing weights for a CNNs (or even features) (and also on how everything is stored and processed but that is another question).
I am runing a CNN on a set of color images the structure and the code of my cnn is almost entirely based on Deep MNIST tutorial/MNIST+tensorboard tutorial.
I have several problems :
I want to run tf.image_summary(W_conv1) every 100 steps/epochs of the training with W_conv1 being of shape (3,5,5,32) (first conv layer after an RGB image)
However the desired shape is (32,5,5,3) so I reshape using tf.reshape(W_conv1;shape=(32,5,5,3))
I am only using reshape because I could not find a numpy swapaxes equivalent in tf (and from the definition of reshape in numpy doc I am not sure wether or not it does exactly what I wanted but I agree it is my problem...).
I call a merge_all_summaries() that I feed every 100 steps.
I run 1000 epochs so I should get 320 images, instead I get 2 or 3 actually displayed !!!
On stackoverflow I found out that even if all the images are loaded into the memory (where?!) it does not display them all and that I should do something like initialize an empty tf.summary() and call .MergefromString(image_summary) but I am confused on exactly where in the code I should do that and at what time ?
My second issue is I also want to see the weights for the second conv layer which is of shape (32,5,5,64) so I would like to split it into (32x64) 5x5 images does that seem reasonnable ?
How would I go about displaying them ?
Same for features obtained at different layers of the CNN ?
I understand my questions are trivial but I think a lot of people would benefit (I would certainly) from an example of a clean and efficient code in tensorflow of a CNN on whatever image dataset WITH tensorboard visualization of the weights/features.
Thanks for the work TF is amazing !