Please remove all code visibility restrictions

NOTE: Only file GitHub issues for bugs and feature requests.  All other topics will be closed.
For general support from the community, see StackOverflow.
To make bugs and feature requests more easy to find and organize, we close issues that are deemed
out of scope for GitHub Issues and point people to StackOverflow.
For bugs or installation issues, please provide the following information.
The more information you provide, the more easily we will be able to offer
help and advice.
What related GitHub issues or StackOverflow threads have you found by searching the web for your problem?
I am trying to use grpc_util to convert ::tensorflow::Status to ::grpc::Status, and found that I cannot build the target because of package visibility issues.
Here is my recommendation:
Remove all visibility when open source tensorflow.
Reason:


It is pointless to have the package visibility as we have the source code, and we can modify it.


If everybody has to modify their own copy of tensorflow to depend on portions of the source code, it only makes people's life harder as there would be millions of different forks all trying to hack the BUILD file. And every time a new tensorflow is launched, it breaks other people's build, which seems quite counter productive.


In Google we want to make the dependency as accurate as possible. In the open source world, because of the visibility issue, we have to try to pull in much bigger build target to get something working, which is again, counter productive.


Environment info
Operating System:
Installed version of CUDA and cuDNN:
(please attach the output of ls -l /path/to/cuda/lib/libcud*):
If installed from binary pip package, provide:

A link to the pip package you installed:
The output from python -c "import tensorflow; print(tensorflow.__version__)".

If installed from source, provide

The commit hash (git rev-parse HEAD)
The output of bazel version

If possible, provide a minimal reproducible example (We usually don't have time to read hundreds of lines of your code)
What other attempted solutions have you tried?
Logs or other output that would be helpful
(If logs are large, please upload as attachment or provide link).