Windows GPU Installation Documentation

Please go to Stack Overflow for help and support:
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tensorflow
If you open a GitHub issue, here is our policy:

It must be a bug or a feature request.
The form below must be filled out.

Here's why we have that policy: TensorFlow developers respond to issues. We want to focus on work that benefits the whole community, e.g., fixing bugs and adding features. Support only helps individuals. GitHub also notifies thousands of people when issues are filed. We want them to see you communicating an interesting problem, rather than being redirected to Stack Overflow.

System information

Have I written custom code (as opposed to using a stock example script provided in TensorFlow):
YES
OS Platform and Distribution (e.g., Linux Ubuntu 16.04):
Windows 10
TensorFlow installed from (source or binary):
Binary
TensorFlow version (use command below):
1.1.0
Bazel version (if compiling from source):
CUDA/cuDNN version:
5 and 6 (that's the issue)
GPU model and memory:
GTX 965M, 2GB memory
Exact command to reproduce:
sess = tf.InteractiveSession()

Describe the problem
This is a request to add information to your installation website. The documentation for installing the gpu version in Windows omits a crucial piece of information: the version of cudnn64_X.dll must exactly match the version used when the binary for tensorflow was compiled. The installation instructions advise you to be sure that cudnn64_X.dll is in the path. However, this is of zero use if it is the wrong dll.
I'm currently running tensorflow 1.1.0, which I installed from the binary distribution. That version requires cudnn64_5.dll, but this critical information is nowhere to be found in the documentation. Instead, I just got the error message that tensorflow failed to start. The current version from nVidia is cudnn64_6.dll. Tensorflow won't run if it doesn't find cudnn64_5.dll. However, if you rename version 6 to version 5, tensorflow will load, but it will stop with errors. (Actually, that's how I tracked down the problem - it mentioned version 5100 of the GPU, which I assumed meant release 5).
Please add to the installation page the required version of nVidia's dll: cudnn64_X.dll. Otherwise, the gpu version won't start, and it is remarkably difficult to figure out that the problem is as simple as using the wrong (e.g., latest) version of the cudnn64_x driver.
Source code / logs
NA