Adding new classes

Please go to Stack Overflow for help and support:
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tensorflow
If you open a GitHub issue, here is our policy:

It must be a bug or a feature request.
The form below must be filled out.
It shouldn't be a TensorBoard issue. Those go here.

Here's why we have that policy: TensorFlow developers respond to issues. We want to focus on work that benefits the whole community, e.g., fixing bugs and adding features. Support only helps individuals. GitHub also notifies thousands of people when issues are filed. We want them to see you communicating an interesting problem, rather than being redirected to Stack Overflow.

System information

Have I written custom code (as opposed to using a stock example script provided in TensorFlow):no
OS Platform and Distribution (e.g., Linux Ubuntu 16.04):Linux Ubuntu 16.04
TensorFlow installed from (source or binary):source
TensorFlow version (use command below):1.2.0rc2
Bazel version (if compiling from source):0.5.0
CUDA/cuDNN version:--
GPU model and memory:---
Exact command to reproduce:--

You can collect some of this information using our environment capture script:
https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tools/tf_env_collect.sh
You can obtain the TensorFlow version with
python -c "import tensorflow as tf; print(tf.GIT_VERSION, tf.VERSION)"
Describe the problem
I want to retrain the inception model with 1003 classes where the first 1000 classes are same as imagenet. So I took with inception model and extracted the  final layer weights and added 3 more columns to it.I popped the final layer created another layer with 1003 classes and with the weights i have changed,as the weights of first 1000 classes remains same as inception but  while training the accuracy is starting from 0 which i didn't expect.What is going wrong..?
Source code / logs
Include any logs or source code that would be helpful to diagnose the problem. If including tracebacks, please include the full traceback. Large logs and files should be attached. Try to provide a reproducible test case that is the bare minimum necessary to generate the problem.