GPU sits idle for increasing time between consecutive training runs

System information

Have I written custom code (as opposed to using a stock example script provided in TensorFlow): Yes
OS Platform and Distribution (e.g., Linux Ubuntu 16.04): Windows 10 Version 10.0.16299
TensorFlow installed from (source or binary): source
TensorFlow version (use command below): 1.5.0
Python version: 3.6
Bazel version (if compiling from source): not sure (is this important here?)
GCC/Compiler version (if compiling from source): not sure (is this important here?)
CUDA/cuDNN version: not sure (is this important here?)
GPU model and memory: NVIDIA Quadro P5000 16GB
Exact command to reproduce: Not exactly an "exact command", but what I'm trying to do is perform CNN training runs consecutively without the GPU stalling between subsequent runs.

Describe the problem
Describe the problem clearly here. Be sure to convey here why it's a bug in TensorFlow or a feature request.
I'm using an evolutionary algorithm to optimize the hyperparameters of a CNN. However, over time, the GPU "waits" for greater and greater times between training cycles (afterburner visualization):

I assume this is a memory issue in a similar vein to #17048 and http://forums.fast.ai/t/tip-clear-tensorflow-gpu-memory/1979, however, the fixes mentioned there are not working.
Any ideas of a workaround? The second link above uses Keras to reset GPU memory after each run, and have tried this, but it has not solved the problem (it may have somewhat shortened the lag between training runs, but not enough to constitute a fix).
What do you suppose is going on here? I.e. what may be the source of the problem, and resources that could help me address it?
Source code / logs
Include any logs or source code that would be helpful to diagnose the problem. If including tracebacks, please include the full traceback. Large logs and files should be attached. Try to provide a reproducible test case that is the bare minimum necessary to generate the problem.
(I'm not sure source code will be helpful in this general issue; let me know if you'd like to see my code).